This is a head-gum original.
No music is playing.
No music is playing, right?
Tuesday October 4th, it's a moment in time.
They will always remember, because it's the debut of Anja.
Not Taylor Joy.
But here I go.
Kenneth Skya.
That was beautiful, Jeff. Thank you.
I've never said your last name.
Out loud or typed it.
There's no reason to.
Did I nail it?
Yeah, you did really good.
Yes.
I want to congratulate you on taking a chance on me finally.
As a guest, we're saying my name.
As a guest.
Yeah.
Anja, chided me after the head-gum happy hour because I'd never invited her on.
I didn't think you wanted to be on the show.
Why wouldn't I want to be on the show?
I had a specific member of you saying never invite me on the show.
Something to the effect are like, keep me away from this shit.
Well, it is because you invite people on their first week working here.
That's true.
It's like a some sort of hazing ritual.
My onboarding process at head-gum was short, but almost every person told me to be careful about this.
So maybe that's really when you can't be.
You might have said people told me to be careful about this.
And then I telephoned that in my mind into meaning you didn't want to be on the show.
But here we are.
We've got a great show planned.
I'm stressed as hell. How are you guys feeling?
Sorry, heck.
I'm just thinking about someone commented recently on the head-gum podcast.
I assume you too, but I don't know where else I would've been reading comments.
And it was like someone needs to teach this show that number one rule of podcasting is that you don't name the date that you record.
No, it's to keep it timeless.
Evergreen.
Yeah.
We definitely at this point it's like a bit for sure, but I mean, I think of that every time.
Any podcast convention ideally is broken during this hour.
So yeah, it's Tuesday, October 4th at 3.24 pm.
You're hearing this on whenever you're listening to it, but at the earliest, October 7th at 1 a.m. Pacific.
I mean, I think it's good because what if you say something like problematic and something happens.
Yeah.
At least Wayne.
What?
Sorry.
I was really distracted by my own video.
Oh, I see it.
There's a lot of claims going overhead for me recently.
We got to figure this shit out, guys.
On just the only one bringing the heat today.
I'm sorry.
Ali, I know you're just kind of gearing up, but Maria, you're fucking up.
Can I say, can I tell you as a secret?
Yeah.
Right before I hopped in the Zoom, I put five tick tags in my mouth, and I can't chew them.
Or it's going to be really loud in my microphone.
So I'm just kind of like squirling away tick tags until they dissolve.
Or orange or green.
Winter green.
I have to say in my anticipation of how this would go, I didn't think Maria could be this chaotic.
This is different.
Yeah.
That's fair.
Maria.
Is it just today?
Wow.
I've been on so, so many calls today.
Ali, on at least two of them.
Two more.
I don't know.
And we keep running into each other.
When you guys are on calls, are you guys actively engaging your brains?
Or are you sometimes turning them off?
Like, what do you find more exhausting?
Calls are not.
Calls.
For sure.
Definitely.
Yeah.
I do my best when I don't feel I'm being perceived.
Like any good science experiment.
You are the control.
Yeah.
This is you at your lowest.
Immediately change everything.
One to five has everybody feeling, because I think I'm at a two or one.
Probably.
Like a three.
Probably worse.
Yeah.
On you.
I'm going to lie and say I'm out of five, so that I can kind of have that on your
G for the rest of the show.
Man, if that's for yourself.
Yeah.
What's the real answer?
I would say two point five.
Okay.
That's good.
That's not good.
It's not good or bad.
Like, if you're doing above a three in the world today.
Yeah.
So is your path?
Come on.
I'm like at a two point five, too.
I'll two, T-O-O.
You're right.
Okay.
So I thought it was like, you added a decimal point.
No, not like trying to be edgy with my numbers.
Honestly, the thing just tipping me up to the three is like the fact that once I'm done with this, my work days over, but you guys have at least two more hours.
Yeah.
I have to edit this immediately after.
So it's five more hours probably.
And by my work days over, I mean, I will just lay on my couch with the TV on, but also still do it works.
You know, watching the TV or maybe.
Green dot on Slack.
From right go, always.
Um.
Tomorrow is Yom Kippur.
I thought Amir was going to be on this episode or any of you guys Jewish.
Okay.
Great.
So Yom wears the day of atonement, right?
Yeah.
So I thought we could wax about what the worst atonement.
Sorry.
You think you can go in here and I leave?
No.
I know.
Sorry.
I was just thinking about the library scene.
Yeah.
No, I thought we could talk about like what the worst thing we did in the last week was.
And then we could have done for it.
I can start just because it's hard to admit wrongdoing.
What was it actually?
I think it was this morning and this was an accident.
But I had a meeting with Connie about a gum ball blog post at 11.
And I set my alarm for what I thought was 10 30 a.m.
10 30 p.m.
So I woke up at 11.08.
I immediately got on the zoom.
So I was only 8 or 9 minutes late.
But I did waste 10 minutes of her time.
And I kind of spiraled about that afterwards.
And I never miss.
I said, I'm so sorry.
I set my alarm for what I thought was 10 a.m.
But it was actually 10 30 p.m.
I am so sorry.
Ring late.
This is a horrible first impression.
What do you need?
Was it hard for you to understand or like to kind of gauge how much to apologize for
because then you're wasting more of her time in the apology?
It was a very efficient apology.
I would say.
And she didn't.
That was it.
And she didn't seem to care all that much.
She kind of chuckled.
But the chuckle was also an acknowledgement
that it was a bad first impression.
So that's I would like to say formally.
Connie, if you're listening, which isn't.
I'm sorry.
Yet again, for wasting your time.
Your energy, your value.
On my over sleeping dumb ass.
It's really kind of you.
Yeah.
Yeah, I guess it is.
That was really big of you to oversleep.
It was brave.
Yeah.
Is that what you said?
I said big.
Like big.
Well, why?
And I'm sure moral come up.
Maybe for every one that you guys do all the tone for something else bad
that I did last week.
Anybody else want to take it away.
In terms of repentance.
I can do it.
I had to have people over my house this weekend.
Well, describing hosting as I had to add people over.
If I had a choice, I wouldn't have.
But I did have to do it.
And I don't.
I guess because I'm Jewish.
I was like, I don't want to pay for a bunch of beer.
Everybody else is going to bring beer.
Then there's going to be a bunch of beer left over.
I don't want to deal with kind of any of this.
I don't want to invest any money in this event.
So I went to the head come offices on Saturday.
And I took beer from our fridge.
Oh.
Yeah.
Thank you.
And that's just beer.
Well.
Was it near Genset?
I took some near Genset.
And I also took some new Belgium.
That was donated for the headgum happy hour.
That we had so much left over.
That I don't want to shit.
I actually don't appreciate it.
They assortment that you laid out.
It should be near Genset.
Narraganset.
Maybe a canned Amaro spritz.
But if it's beer, we're talking Gensets.
I do love Genset as a new Adam person.
Of course.
However, I had to like impress people.
So I wanted to make sure that like cool people saw the Narraganset.
And then like my neighbors.
I want them to think I'm like an adult.
Like fancy IPA.
And nobody drank any of it.
Which is the thing.
You're being environmentally conscious.
I don't think anybody can fault you for that.
Thank you.
Do I have to apologize to someone specifically like you did?
I'd love if you could apologize to me for including new Belgium.
I get your reasoning, but I would really appreciate that.
No, I am sorry, Jeff, for diluting the experience of my party that I didn't want to have.
And you know what, immediate forgiveness.
That's what it's all about.
You're from New England too.
I've never been challenged like this in front of people.
I'm not from New England, but I live there for enough time.
You don't claim it though.
I would like to, but I don't think I lived there long enough.
That's what I was going to say.
No, so mean.
Actually, I take it back.
I'm from New England.
Just because I'm Jeff, saying that.
I feel like why is it left, Mark?
Hmm, for sure.
Yeah, you definitely don't scream Savannah.
No, I don't have a southern accent.
Really at all.
You sort of have a northeastern draw, though.
At least I have a Boston accent.
Can you imagine?
I have one word that I say rum.
Oh God.
Yeah.
What about bag?
Is it bag or bag?
No bag is regular.
Roof is regular.
I think it's just rum.
And then when I say rotary or whatever people are like, what are you talking about?
How often are you saying rotary?
Often enough.
Like a rotary spell.
No, like a rotary spell.
Around about.
Oh.
That's rotary.
Well.
I forgive you for the new Belgians.
Atonement is about forgiveness closure.
Close.
Sorry.
Real quick.
Are you Jewish, Jeff?
What's that?
Are you Jewish?
Uh-uh.
I let's know a lot of rum does.
I'm probably closest to a Zen Buddhist.
Okay.
I have the book.
Be here now.
Yeah, it's like right here.
That's great.
I have a dick out.
So.
Great.
I just wanted to kind of state that for the record for anyone who's listening.
It doesn't know whether or not the person kind of giving us forgiveness on the show.
Yeah.
It's really weird.
Oh, shit.
No, no, no.
I truly just.
No.
I just, I wanted to know for me in front of anyone listening.
And I, that's, it's important to state.
But, um, you know, Jake, if you want to strike that from record.
Um.
Let's see.
Who have I wronged in this past week?
Um, I, I told a lie.
I don't know if I really wronged.
But I, I, so I, I lied to someone at, uh, the, this car repair shop.
I need to get my car taken in.
Someone backed into me.
That part is truthful while I was parked.
And this lady who gave me the estimate.
She texted me and needed a picture of my car registration.
So she could do the billing.
And I didn't feel like doing that and said, I, I, so I said, I'm sorry.
I'm a way for my car at the moment.
Can I do this when I take my car into the shop?
I don't want to, I don't want to text you a picture.
And she said, sure.
A ton of time.
A ton of.
Oh, you are down.
Okay.
That's it.
Um.
That's fine.
It's fine.
Yeah.
But who do you want to apologize to, specifically?
Uh, Natalie at Collider Collision.
I'm really sorry that I, I was, I didn't want to walk to my car and take a picture when you asked.
I'm really sorry.
Collider Collision is the same name for an olive body shop.
I know.
And I felt really bad too because I have a sister named Natalie.
And I thought, Oh, God.
That's not good.
Not good.
No, it's not good.
It's not good when you lie to someone who's,
imagine a big leave from earlier.
Imagine if Jeff added her to the zoom.
How did you know?
How would you feel if Natalie was backstage right now?
I think the one we've all been waiting for Maria could Brownlee.
I'm going to be the biggest rat scoundrel.
It's kind of on the zoom.
Yeah.
I definitely am a scoundrel in a scallywag.
Um.
Kind of a scamp for sure.
Yeah.
Or at least a scampy.
There was a foster there.
Sure.
It's giving shrimp.
I would like to apologize to the three of you.
Um, because I was a few minutes late to the zoom.
And it was because I was in line at CVS to buy candy corn.
And for that, I am sorry.
This girl is on fire.
I forgive Maria.
What about you guys?
I have to give a apology of my own from Maria.
You message me right before this.
And I ignored what you asked.
And I owe you an answer.
And I know that.
And it's kind of.
I'm going to be thinking about it this whole time.
Oh, please.
Please don't let me out of this whole time.
It's okay.
I knew that you were busy when I sent it to you because you asked for 15 more minutes before this recording.
So.
Don't.
You're forgiven.
But it's not your fault.
That's I think we did a lot here.
You know, it's only seven minutes.
But I think that I feel a way to lift it off my chest.
And I have candy corn now.
Oh.
It is that time of the year.
Should we talk about Halloween?
How do you guys feel about it?
Hate it.
Really.
On you and I.
We both learned that we don't like.
Costumes.
Right.
Yeah.
I have like lots of reasons.
I don't know if we want to get into it.
Well, let's get into it.
Yeah.
Um.
Up up top, I guess, is that I've always had a fear of people in full cost it.
Like, check each cheese.
I used to cry when you.
I call it all the other little kids would run to him.
And I would just be like hanging back with the parents.
They'd be like, no, go say hi.
And I'd be like, I'm actually okay.
I'm good.
Literally me.
Yeah.
Um, because like, who's under there?
Like, I knew.
Like, there's no, no good person could possibly.
I had no.
No.
My reasoning wasn't even that deep.
I just didn't like, I like how big they were.
I don't like them.
I don't like people on stilts.
Yeah.
Me.
Um.
Also, my brother was Chuck E.T.
Is at one point.
So at that point, I was like, too old to be scared.
I'm sorry.
Just said that my brother.
No.
Bureka's brother's a piece of shit.
He's a human garbage.
Reincarnate incarnate.
Um.
But I think the Halloween thing more importantly is like,
I don't think, I'm like, if you want to be weird and crazy, you can be weird and crazy
year round.
You don't have to like have your one night where you get to like really let loose.
And you know what I mean?
I feel like people get this like evil energy.
Like, not like Satanic, but like people are like,
Oh, this is my one night of the year where I'm like,
I'm gonna become a different version of myself.
And it's like just be who you are.
365.
You don't have to like, let it all out on Halloween.
But wouldn't that be an argument for Halloween that you don't like people in full
costume.
And if that's who people are like if they would be doing it round the clock,
that they get it all out on one night.
And you can just kind of have a night in.
But I don't, I guess on Halloween when you go out, you don't see,
you see people just like being in a complete different version of themselves.
And you're just like, you could just be this person,
if this is who you want to be.
You can live a little bit.
Weird air like.
That's, that's, I can agree with that.
I might be Marieka for Halloween.
How?
I probably do like the, well, I need the phone case with like the Jake Gillen Hall pop out.
I would need glasses that look similar to it now.
But okay, Robert Pattinson.
But then you could just send me the Jake Gillen Hall when it's the same thing.
You know, it's like season one, Marieka, whatever.
Hair back in a ponytail instead of an bun.
Some kind of pop culture reference graphic tea or sweatshirt.
And shoes that I medically have to wear for my back.
That's so hard.
I don't.
She wears normal shoes.
Yeah.
Sorry.
This is where this is taking a turn.
Would you put it like a playbell in your,
and a playbell sticking out of my back pocket?
Or more specifically, but rush tickets, I should say.
Yeah.
That's cool.
Are you going to tuck me to the theater when she was here?
And a trivia trophy.
True.
Although we don't really get trophies.
We haven't won really up.
Yes.
We never discussed how was, how was the play?
I had a great time.
We had a great time.
We were almost late.
But you know, it's LA's track.
It's LA traffic.
Good wild.
I told, at least I was about.
I will say, our night was almost ruined by those people in costume.
How's that.
The people on the stage?
No.
People in the audience.
This isn't about you.
But where people in cowboy bats.
It was.
I felt like a trial of divorce because I was with Casey in the, on your pick me up.
And I went to the theater.
I loved it. I was great. I love Oklahoma. I had a great time. I'm
left to see it in a different setting with different staging. Cast was great.
That the score, those orchestrations, my Daniel Cougar, beautiful, should have
won the Tony Award. My friend was the assistant director, not to
brag about it. Of the show? I'm fine about it. I don't love being scared and
I'm not interested in that adrenaline rush. I'm not someone that you should take
to the Halloween horror nights or whatever. I don't care. That's not how I like to
live my life. But I don't like the terms spooky season, but I love I don't
like that, but I love Christina Ritchie and Adam's family values. Okay. And I love
some of the things like that. Adam's. Yeah, yeah. I love a camp nod to the spirit of
Halloween. Do you guys like over the garden wall? Have we talked about the
love over the garden wall? Have you watched it? It's this cartoon network mini
series, but it's more, it's pretty like, it's not for kids. It's not for kids, but
it's kind of dark and it is not scary, but spooky. Sorry to use that word. And it's
just great. There's music in it. The music's really good. Sometimes it's funny.
It's one of the voices. Yeah. Oh, that's really, it's really, really good. I made my
question for Lloyd. Oh, love that guy. Is he still alive? Yeah. Yeah. That's nice.
The hacker from Cyber Chase. We came also. Sorry. Oh, no, you go. You go. Oh, he came to a
middle school play of line once. Really? I don't know why it was in Cleveland. Not
for you. Well, might have been a little bit, you know, maybe might not have come for
me, but he stayed for me. You know what I mean? He probably came for his like, you know,
grandson or whatever. Is that why he wants to? Yeah. Sort of like went to attack you. Yeah,
he lunged it my eyes. And that's part of the reason why they're always so blood shut. So
it was physically accustomed. Lloyd, um, that was the first Lloyd night I ever experienced.
Wow. Allie, you're saying. Oh, I was going to say Chuck Eachie's had a memory
flash into my mind. Did you guys have to take consumer education in high school? Ever as a
class where they teach you how to like fill out a W2? No, that's so I'm sorry. We were just
talking with this last week that that's what we need. Really? Yeah. So I had a, I don't remember any
of it. I wish I did, but we had a class called consumer ed and there was one project that was all
about stocks and you had to pick companies and they gave you fake money and you had to like
track the stocks every day and do a report and everybody in my class. Yeah. And which, by the way,
I had a mildly lucrative store, um, of course you did. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, but that's for another
circle back. Yeah. But, uh, I put, everybody else took it so seriously and I put 100% of my money
in Chuck Eachie's and every, every day, the stocks got lower. It wasn't doing well and so my entire
project was just being like, um, my teacher was like, take it, take your money out, do something else
and I refused. I committed to the bed. Damn. I think that's admirable. So that's just what
that made me think of. How do you think those products are doing now? Like, we'll now that my fake
funds aren't in there. Even worse. Um, we do have to take a quick break, but we'll be right back
with something even scarier than what we've been talking about. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Yeah. Guys, lately I've been listening to a lot of the velvet underground, right? And it's
great. And one reason it's been great to listen to is because I listened to it on my rake on
wireless earbuds. All right. Rake on's every day. Your buds look feel and sound better than ever
with optimized gel tips for the perfect inner fit. I've been walking around a lot with them in my
ears, walking up hills, streets, sidewalks. And they don't budge. They really don't trust me on this one.
Rake on's give you eight hours of playtime with a 32-hour battery life. I find myself charging
these things way less than other leading brands that I've used before. Rake on's are also price just
right. All right. It's really easy to lose these those little earbud things, right? And if you're
going to have to re-up every couple years or months or whatever, why not get it at half the price,
right, of other premium audio brands. It's no wonder Rake on's every day earbuds have over 50,000
five-star reviews. I really love, like I said, the inner fit. It really is just right because you
have multiple sized earbud gel tip things. You can also customize the sound profiles. So if you're
listening to podcasts, you can keep it on the normal mode. If you need to be able to hear your
surroundings, you can use this awareness mode. And then there's like a base boosting one. It's just
overall really nice, very high-fi, and I love music. So I love Rake on. So we're going to buy
Rake on.com today and use code. What's that 15 to get 15% off your Rake on order? Again, that's code.
What's that 15 at buy Rake on.com to score 15% off? Again, one more time. That's buy Rake on.com.
Code. What's that 15? Thanks Rake on.
Welcome to Real or Fake Gun Edition. This is a game where I'm going to show you, or sorry,
the game's actually called Was This Game Gun 3D Printed. Been in the news recently.
Because that's, I said the title wrong. The title of the segment is Was This Gun 3D Printed. This
was concocted by my friend Eli, actually. So I wanted to get his title credit. But yeah,
lots of news stories recently about 3D Printed Guns. It's a real issue. So I thought that we could
see if we have a trained eye for spotting this stuff. Number one, this is just to get us warmed up.
Fake. Correct. Fake. That's going to be an improv real.
Real or fake? Fake. Well, it is really nerve gun.
Modded. Maria, please. Telling on yourself with that.
I turned my camera my entire what page just read it.
There's a Mr. Beastberger bag in the background. This is a real gun.
Yeah, I had this is a real gun.
Are we not going to, is this the first time you've had all women on the head of gun pod?
Just wondering. I don't think so. Okay. Just wondering about that. If you're doing the gun,
bit kind of the first time you have all of them. I just thought we did an alley Caleb Maria
episode once. But I might be wrong. All right. No, probably. Maybe we did.
Wait, so go back to that gun. It was in fact a modded Nerf gun or yeah, it was a modded Nerf gun.
You're exactly right. You can't even say that you're going to be put on a watch list.
Really fake. Was this gun 3D printed?
It's a different game. So the last one was not 3D printed. It was a modded. I think this is real.
It says it's made in Austria. That's a real gun correct. Covered in Lagos. Was this gun 3D printed?
Really fake. Yes. It was really printed. Yes. It was 3D printed. That's correct. That was 3D printed. Was this 3D printed?
No, by God. It doesn't count. Which God?
Jewish God today. Yahweh. Yeah. Was this gun 3D printed? Yes. Yes. It was. Was this gun 3D printed? No.
Yes. Are all glocks made in Austria? I think we're learning that.
I think it was not. You guys' attention to detail is making this game way easier.
Was this gun 3D printed? Yes. No, no, no. I've heard you say no, but I was voting. No.
This is a real gun. Okay, I voted. Yes, and I'm wrong. And I own it. You can see what's 3D printed.
Oh, I thought you meant you owned the gun. Well, sometimes there's better 3D printers that are like they that don't have that pattern.
I've been looking for. So I thought maybe it was one of them. Oh, but for now for guns. I just don't know.
Was this gun 3D printed? Yes. No. No. It was. I know.
Was this gun 3D printed? I know. Yeah. How so? Like by air.
Where you get, do you think I'm sorry we do this, but do you think balloons are 3D printed? That's latex man.
Is air 3D? No. I know what it is. That's a whole other segment that we should do next week.
Is air 3D? And then just discuss. Yeah. A real rom-doss moment. Was this gun 3D printed? Sure.
Yeah, I'm going to say that. It was. Was this gun 3D printed? Yes. No. It was not.
Onions really get at this game. Was this gun looking for it? That's the pattern. It's just brain.
It's what you're looking for. No, no. If it's 3D printed, like you won't see the metal won't look like metal.
Oh, I'm just looking for Austria. And also, I mean, you know, with cosplayers and stuff,
they're painting things all kinds of colors. You remember? Yeah. No one says that good though,
maybe. Was this gun 3D printed? No. It looks like a gun that would have been in
clay gems. I'm going to say no to you. It was not. It was. Oh, shit. Sorry.
Chicken. Do I get anything as the winner? He could Venmo you. You haven't been loads of
a month in a while. Yeah, because of the taxes, man. Yeah, I'll take some money. I also don't have a
credit card anymore. I close my credit card account. What are you used to do? What's that? Why?
Close your credit card account because they gave me way too big of a credit card limit for me
an irresponsible person to handle. Then you go, you go down in credit cards. You don't close
out the account. You just get a lower credit card score. You just tanked your credit score.
No, my credit score. I can check my credit score right now. I think it's still in. It won't
reflect for like every day's. I close my credit card like two months ago. Let's see what
my credit score. Let's get a check in on Jeff's credit score. It's nice. That's a good thing. It really
needs to know. I know she just really needed to be here. It's a temporary change. Like, I just
was like, I can't have a credit card right now. I need to just live off the money that I have.
Because when you can just give me a credit card and I'll hold it for you and I won't use it.
No, I memorize the number. My credit score is 799.
I free you. But I don't know if that's going to go down later. Anyway, I just, I was like, I keep,
I keep a massing debt and then I have to like liquidate my assets to pay it off.
They do like when you am asked at the or like they love a debt. Exactly. I don't want
out of your credit score. I don't want to play into the corporate man's hand on you. I mean,
I do you know when do you know when credit scores were invented? I just saw 7. It was a little
bit earlier, but still. Where are the only people? Our generations are the only people
truly affected. It was like credit scores were invented the year after something that like, it was like
89. It was the 80s for sure. I saw a tweet that was like, this thing happened in this year.
Credit scores were invented beer after, but I don't remember what that thing was, but it was like
they were the fall of the Berlin was. It was 89.
Do you want me to look up why or we don't do that? Yeah, we get a numbers crunch on that.
We're I'm going to move on while you do that. Just to keep things rolling. But yeah, no, I,
well, I guess this isn't moving on. I would amass so much debt that I'd have to liquidate
my assets like I had to sell my old car to pay off a really big credit card thing. And then I bought
a different, I used the difference between swapping cars to pay it off. So I was like, this isn't
sustainable or good. So I don't have a credit card anymore. But it also means that everything that's
in my checking account has to stay there. It cannot go for some silly little game on this dumb ass show.
No, I love doing this show. Um, me to me to do you. Yeah, let's yeah, I want to let's check in on
how y'all are feeling. How do you guys think this episode feels? I think it feels great. Really.
It's good. Yeah. Okay. It's my first one. I have nothing to compare it to, but I'm feeling really
good so far. Great. All right. This is a new segment that I also didn't come up with. I was hanging out
with my friends George and Eli last night for like an hour. And then as I was. Well, you
like came over to just hang out for a bit on his way home from work. And then George had to drive
him home for some reason. Um, anyway, we just kind of took we talked, we caught up. And I was
outlining at the kitchen table hanging out with them. And they were like, what do you up to? I was like
coming up with podcast segments. And then they just kind of immediately pitched these two things.
I was really tired. It was 9 30 p.m. So I was like fine. That's fine. Um, anyway.
Wow. So far, my favorite. I don't music. Yeah. And it's one of my favorite ones.
Welcome to Ranker. When I first heard what this game was, I thought it was R.A. and C.O.R.
It's not. It's um, Ranker. That's the most duet thing you've ever said.
George, George explained this game to me. I think it sounds fun. It's an actual game that we
have to do some things and learn some rules to play here. We've got at least 10 minutes as much as
25. So um, I'll try to keep you guys that long. Here is George Saba, my roommate. Uh,
previous guest on the show explaining the rules at my kitchen table.
Starting over entirely. Yeah. Okay. Group of people in a room as most games.
Boy, sorry. I was recording. Well, now I've nervous. I'm not ever more. Yeah. And I'm sort of
on. Okay. Group of people in a room, uh, one person leaves the room. Uh, and everyone else in the room
chooses a number between one and 10. They bring the person you left back in. That person's goal
is to guess the number that was chosen. Here's how they do it. One by one, they go around each
person and they present them a category. Uh, so if I were to, like, let's say the number were seven.
Yeah. And I were to present you like the category, like, posit shapes. And you would say
for follow. For follow. Sure. And in my mind, for follow is lower tier. For follow is a
four for me. Okay. So then I'd be like, hmm, I'd be like, I don't know what how you like things
for follow. So I'd go to you, Jeffrey. Okay. And I'd be like, okay, um, really, you know, for looking
for a seven, uh, U.S. States. Uh, uh, I guess, Maine. Maine. And I think Maine's pretty cool,
but I know it lacks a lot of, like, um, like, major, like landmarks, it's just sort of, like, a cool vibe.
So I would, I would probably call that a six. So now I'm like hedging upwards and assuming that
maybe you like, like, it's for probably. And you go around the room. And then at the, once everybody
has, uh, been presented a category, the person guessing is like, okay, uh, like, here's why I think
the number is. Okay. And then what's this called? Ranker. So angry. So is the, like, thing in the category
that we say, our number seven. Yes. In that case, like, we're actually using the thing that we
write exactly. So one person leaves the room. The other three decide on the number.
Other person comes in gives each person individually a category. And then they say, uh, in that
category, what you would just just said, pasta shapes, I think the seven of pasta shapes is far
follow if it's seven. Um, and then the other person has to kind of be like, where I wonder where they
would rank that because based on how I feel about it. And then that you create an amalgam from
all three answers. Does that make sense? And then you guessed the number and you're the right
to wrong. And then the fun of it is like, you think for a follow is a seven, like,
far follow sucks. Like, that kind of thing. Um, who wants to start to leave the, the room slash zoom.
I think you should. All right. Do you all remember the, okay. I agree. Yeah, give me a text.
Okay. Yeah. All we're doing is picking a number right now. Yeah.
Isn't that far? Well, you know all the numbers. And it's one through time, right? I think so.
I guess so. I guess we could do a bigger scale, but it feels hard. Yeah. Should we talk about
them while he's gone or is that not part of the game? No, I think we could. Okay. Is there something
something to say because you wanted to talk about? No, I just want to know how this Jeff
compares to Jeff other times on the show. Um, honestly, this one's a little more tame.
He's a little more calm. He's trying to be gentle with me. Either that or he's really tired.
Maybe both. Maybe both. Six. It's beautiful. Six, that's good. Yeah, let's do it.
Let's do it. Is that too close to seven, though? That is, well, that was a concern.
Should we do a three? Sure. Yeah. No, three. All right, I will text him. We done.
On you have you heard how many planes have gone over head? No. I can't hear happening.
Are you okay? Is that a New York thing? We wouldn't know about that. That was way too long. Sorry.
We had, we had a lot to get there. We had a number. Concert venues in Los Angeles.
Thank you. Uh, I just name one that I would rank as this number. Second. Yeah.
Yeah. One that we talked about today. Uh, Lodge room. Hmm. Okay. Alley.
Seasons.
Hmm. I'm going to go spring. That's confusing. Maria had gum in plays.
Please. I can't do another one. Uh, former head gum in plays. Oh my god. No, um, neighborhoods in New York.
Try a Becca. Six. No. What was it?
Three. There's only four seasons. Try Becca's your third neighborhood? I thought it was like
out of ten. Three out of ten. Yeah. I mean, it's your third favorite? No, like like on a scale
from one to ten. Is that not? Oh, I thought it is. Oh, I was also confused because he said that you liked
the look. I thought it was your third favorite. I thought what I thought too. Really. Me and
all you're playing a different game. Sorry. All right. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'll go. I'll go.
Okay. No, you go. Yeah. Jeff McCoo goes. You just pick because you're on your
go because you're on the top of my zoom. You're going to text me. I'll, I'll text you.
Okay, very cool text you. Four, right? Can't hear you, Jeff. Four, right? Oh.
Sure. Try. No, let's do like nine. Okay. Okay. I like that. She'd off that text.
Ten. She never comes back. Plugs. I'm disintegrating from hunger. No, no. That's how I
felt it. Three. I had Neil lunch. Yeah. It's four. Almost the same time. All right.
She confirmed. It's on a scale. On a scale, one to ten. So ten is the best one is the worst. Okay.
Four zero, I guess. Jeff. Yeah. Candy. Candy? Yeah. You put me a really tough spot here.
Huh. It's kind of interesting. Kick cats. The mini ones. Specifically a frozen.
Okay. Allie, um, animal.
Qualla. What was it? A koala? A koala. Okay.
Okay. Um, Maria, head gum employee. No, do another one. Um, uh, Broadway play.
Um. This is a good one. Exalted's. It's bad because I have so many of them I have to choose
for. Okay. Wait, no, no. I know how the Marvel movie. Oh. Um. Oh. hoo. I've read all your letterbox reviews
for these, for part of my past.
It's a smart.
Yeah, that's a tactical move.
I'm waiting for a plane to go over it.
Um, Iron Man.
Uh, the first one? Yes.
Four.
No, so far off.
No, that was nine.
Nine?
Yeah, we did almost do four, but it was nine.
You liked the first Iron Man?
Yeah, so it's a nine out of ten.
Nine out of ten.
Oh, I'm playing it wrong again.
I'm playing it wrong again.
We're all learning the game at the same time.
Ali, you're turned.
I'm sorry.
No, no, we got it.
Hopefully this time I get it.
Um, but I do know you.
You do.
What number are we doing?
Oh.
Okay.
I get the concept now.
Sorry.
I have to.
You.
Eight.
Okay.
So again, good.
Things that are good.
Yeah.
Like a B.
I'm perfect.
Uh, I don't have Ali's number.
Oh, I remember.
I guess I'm the only one that actually likes Ali.
Haha.
I heard notifications are silent, so that's actually what we have our number.
I did too.
Did you text her?
Yeah.
Okay.
Hello.
Yeah.
Um.
Okay.
Jeff.
Movies.
Fuck.
Um.
The Royal Ten and Bombs.
Okay.
Um.
Rika.
Snacks.
I'm thinking candy corn.
Cheeseettes.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
Uh, um.
Have you got my employees?
Uh.
Let's do it.
Okay.
Not a coward.
Marty.
Sure.
Marty Michael RCO.
Okay.
Eight.
Yes.
Really?
Yeah.
It was eight.
Wow.
Last one, Maria could get out of here.
Uh, what do we think of?
I think one.
Um.
Done.
I got it.
Well, allow the producer.
Oops.
Sorry I ruined it.
The first two times.
No.
I thought the same way that you were thinking too.
Yeah.
Two tries.
That just means I didn't explain the George didn't explain the rules.
I'm fine.
Yeah.
You're fine.
I've also never played this game.
That's fine.
We're learning together.
It's nice.
Um.
Okay.
Jeff.
Favorite.
As an L cast member.
Or not favorite.
Just as an L cast member.
Oh.
Okay.
The game.
Just an interview now.
Um.
Uh.
Mike.
What's his name?
The guy looks like a frog.
My key day.
No.
Like my key day.
The tall, lanky dude with like the bad posture and the ugly face.
And how did this mix?
No, no, no, no.
Michael Brian.
What's like a frog.
I was being purposely mean.
He's fine.
Yeah.
You're giving away the number if I say you don't want to be me.
Well, no.
I, I, I threw out a lot of information.
She doesn't know how I feel about it.
I could run.
Funny.
AP buyer.
Um.
On.
Yeah.
Spindrift flavor.
I've literally don't know.
I don't drink something.
You have to give me anyone.
Fine.
I'm sorry.
I'll do it.
I could do the.
The.
La Croix or whatever, but I can't do.
I can't do.
Okay.
Never.
Um.
Lemon.
Oh.
Ali.
Had a good memory.
I can't.
Um.
Disney Channel original movie.
Don't look under the bat.
So, Sterling night?
Do you remember that one?
I don't.
Games falling apart.
Um.
Two.
Close.
It was one.
Why?
Um.
We should do this again.
Just for sure.
In studio.
Yeah.
Plugs.
What do you guys have going on?
What do you want to point the people to?
Let's start with.
Let's go on.
Yeah.
Ali.
No.
Do me last.
Okay.
Yeah.
Um.
Listen to.
The pit wall.
Yes.
You know.
So, just came out this week.
Talking.
Span Grand Prix.
Saturday night.
10 p.m.
Are you going to watch it live at 1 a.m?
Yeah.
Unfortunately.
I will be doing that.
Um.
And.
Follow me on.
Twitter Instagram and letter box.
Matt Murray.
Good.
Along.
Um.
Yeah.
Listen to the pit wall.
And also, you can follow me at AliCon.
Twitter and Instagram and letter box.
Um.
I'm going to do my job and say listen to keeping records, which is in the middle of.
And fresh new season.
And it's very good.
But also.
You can listen to me.
On wgxc.org.
I'm a show called the Love Motel.
And rock and roll high school.
Love Motel takes love advice submissions.
I will give you advice back.
It is totally anonymous.
You can make stuff up.
You can play a character.
Or you can get really real with me.
And I will tell you what I really think.
The dot love Motel on Instagram.
That's awesome.
I haven't listened to it yet.
I want to listen to it.
At Jeopardy.
You should submit.
My love life is perfect.
Just such a good communicator.
I see that.
At Jeopardy already in Twitter.
We'll see you guys again next week.
That was a hit dumb original.